Matthew Montano: Hi, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me open up a note and let's figure out where we are here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slow moving system here for some reason just pooped out on me. Bummer.
Matthew Montano: I've been a little sick, the past week or so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: attribute that to what
Matthew Montano: Um, I think it's, it's been the flu.
Matthew Montano: Oh, and maybe a little bit of with the withdrawals for a few days.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you last take Suboxone
Matthew Montano: Um, well, the doctor did finally send me in a scripts to three days ago.
Matthew Montano: But there's a few minute meetings I missed. I was there's a few misunderstandings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let's start here. Let's start with me start with when did you last ingest you producing this morning.
Matthew Montano: This morning
Okay, how many milligrams
Matthew Montano: Um, I've been taking
Matthew Montano: So if a Suboxone is 16 milligrams. I've been taking off to those milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: So 14
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: And it'd be easier if I could open this program, but we're going to have to sort of just go on on memory for a minute until it
Gwenevere Abriel: Wakes up
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we were in in group and you had asked. I want to attend every other week. I want my prescription to be every other week and you mineable to beginning tapering at 13 milligrams. Do you remember that conversation.
Matthew Montano: 14 and you said I was, um,
Matthew Montano: I was at all to what, how many milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's put the amount, I'm off to the side for a second. Let's just see if we have an overlap in recollection just around this part. Do you remember asking, boy, I would like to have my prescription be every two weeks to remember that.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, yeah. And there's an agreement if I came to that next meeting, which I missed because I got called into work.
Matthew Montano: We, we, that wouldn't be a problem. We go from two weeks from now on. I just had to cut down my milligrams a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: So you do remember that there was an agreement that we would do it every two weeks, but you would agree to taper every two weeks that part of that was that you'd begin this tapering process right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and and two weeks is it's a general one because for some people they need a little longer. Some people there, they're like, Yeah, I can move faster than this, but this was the number that we kind of all said let's give it a try.
Gwenevere Abriel: And immediately, right. You didn't show up on that Monday, you remember, yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I get called into works on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the natural consequence of that right
Gwenevere Abriel: Is what like what happens to our agreement, what happens to it. Do you think
Matthew Montano: It floats off into the air and
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to start from scratch. We'll find another thing that works for you. And that makes sense to the doctor. So that's what we can do. We're going to start over. We're going to take a look again what works, what doesn't work. So you had moved to Monday, because Friday wasn't working.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're still not quite there yet recovery still down here. Here's work. And here's recovering
Matthew Montano: And it's also, it's been a lot of problems with my boyfriend lately. I think where it's we finally just broke up.
Which day
Matthew Montano: It's we were he was living our anniversary was January eight, I believe, and I'm so we had our anniversary. I know you. I know I didn't matter what day right away, but we we had a shitty anniversary
Matthew Montano: After that we did talk. We didn't talk he was kind of living here, he would come home, I wouldn't ignore him.
Matthew Montano: Anytime we would start talking, it would turn into an argument, I would just walk into the other room. This went on for about three weeks and a yesterday. Actually, we decided to just split up.
Matthew Montano: We hadn't been getting we hadn't even know we've been talking for about three weeks, we've been living together three weeks without even really communicating he's he's coming on wasted every night and fallen on the floor and it's just is a mass
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So it's important that you're telling me this because you're giving me some context that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's true, maybe right or not that I was called into work or maybe, I don't know, is there more to it than maybe there's a level. Little bit more information was something going on the night before on Monday.
Matthew Montano: It a lot of arguments, a lot of arguments, a lot of stress. A lot of lack of sleep and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I kind of your shift started on Monday.
Matthew Montano: On Mondays. If I get called in, they could start at if I get called in, because I'm a part 10 FedEx employee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you shift start on Monday.
Matthew Montano: On Monday, I got called in at eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why not, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, let us know when you get called in.
Matthew Montano: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think that doesn't happen.
Matthew Montano: Well, because it usually just they call me there. They called me like at 730. They're like, hey, we need you in here. Someone didn't show up and I'll get up and brush my butt over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what happened, that's exactly what happened. That's what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about what keeps you from contacting your treatment when you said I will be there on Monday, hold on to yourself. Just don't
Matthew Montano: Just yeah I'm just bad with doctors appointments and calling I procrastinate after I, my gosh, that's a call and fix that. Now,
Matthew Montano: And I feel like I already have so much other stuff going on. But I know sobriety is important, but I'm just really bad with doctors appointments. That's all I wish they weren't every week.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so let's go into this a little bit more. This has little to do with the frequency. This has to do with you identified I'm bad with doctors appointments
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's not about the doctor's appointment. Maybe it's about
Gwenevere Abriel: Having for some people they get something like this, they get so they can see the whole week.
Gwenevere Abriel: In review the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will only remind you when you're already at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you made different use of scheduling resources, you could see things from a distance, and every day review it. Right. And you'd have more on your mind from from a purview of looking at it. Oh, I've got these three other commitments.
Matthew Montano: We
Gwenevere Abriel: Call it 730 if it was a routine for you walk past the fridge and it had an outline of what the week look like
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I have. Let me show you something real quick.
Matthew Montano: I have a. Can you see it a calendar on my wall with all my needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's see what do you have for Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we got
Matthew Montano: did was to 10 31st.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah okay so 31st was a makeup group. So you missed two groups you missed MONDAY THE 27th and then you missed a makeup group. So that's the 31st. So what do you have on the
Matthew Montano: 27th 27th. I have
Matthew Montano: Matt group therapy group therapy mandatory.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't have the time.
Matthew Montano: Um, I think it's written above where mark it out right here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you are walking through the kitchen, getting your coffee rushing off to get into work because you got like this last minute call
Gwenevere Abriel: What broke down in this system you have with the calendar.
Matthew Montano: It's what it is to be honest is on
Gwenevere Abriel: Always. To be honest, I love it. Always, always
Gwenevere Abriel: Always being
Matthew Montano: It's, it's this relationship. I'm in. It's, um,
Matthew Montano: And I even tell Ivan Ivan tell them that I'm like dude, you're not letting me sleep, even though you say it's um
Matthew Montano: It's my responsibility and all this stuff. You will literally go into my room at two or three o'clock in the morning, and the man to start an argument.
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: And he's just like, whoa, whoa. A few this or that. That's all your responsibility. It's not my and then he starts trying to throw this shit like
Matthew Montano: You're, you're not a child. You don't act like a child. You're not making your appointments I make my appointments. When you don't you don't make any of his appointments. He
Gwenevere Abriel: isn't important point, you're talking about right now so massive you've been in unhealthy relationships in the past, you've told me that
Gwenevere Abriel: You were really looking forward to this one with Ryan right his name.
Matthew Montano: Yeah. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: My. No, it hasn't opened yet yet. So you were really wanting this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: To last. And for this one to represent a healthy one.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not
And
Gwenevere Abriel: You pick someone who's actively using substances, who's still partying whose work ethic is not the same as yours. You are not the same.
Matthew Montano: Hmm.
Matthew Montano: He has no back for boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: You put up with it for quite a while.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, and and he would. And he, he was like say my exes were this bad he was this bad so I thought maybe
Matthew Montano: He was good. It was I was getting there are some
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just just hear this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Often times we draw in what's normal we grow up with a particular thing we grew up with people crossing our boundaries, all the time. This is normal for me. My tolerance is high, I can put up with it, if that's what I grew up with.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to protect one more step closer to protecting your recovery, I would invite you to consider. Most people and they're really taking them this seriously. They don't run into a relationship or even walk into it. They put that on hold while they grow up.
Gwenevere Abriel: They get to really understand what are my limitations. Is that just because that's the way I learned it, or is this is how I like myself best
Gwenevere Abriel: And oh, I like you. Because last few hours. I really liked who I am. I actually like who I am. I'm not having to pretend I'm not having to compensate and that takes practice. Matthew
Gwenevere Abriel: Grow up with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: This takes time and it takes being alone with yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And slowly like you'll dip into it a little bit at work. You'll dip into it with your friendships.
Gwenevere Abriel: But dating right away is is pretty basic. Everybody knows this, right, we put that on hold for about a year. We just some growing up. We do some healing so that you're a full
Gwenevere Abriel: Whole person that sharing your life with someone else and you are clear about what your boundaries are before you enter a relationship.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just now, you'll probably come back to me next week, and you'd be like, What back together.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: coaster ride with you.
But many people
Matthew Montano: And
Gwenevere Abriel: My invitation is to say whether it's Ryan or it's someone else that you put you first for just give it a shot.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you can really cuz. Notice how if you don't get this figured out. Now, it's very likely you will end up bringing someone in just like that. Maybe it'll be this much.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same stuff's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah because inch by inch tiny bit by bit, you're compromising your boundaries with another person. And guess what that person loves it. Oh my gosh, she's so generous. Look at him, he lets me get away with all kinds of stuff. But that wasn't what you really wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about you build some confidence first
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: What might you, what would your life be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just this week this coming week. What would it be like to not be in a relationship.
Matthew Montano: It's
Matthew Montano: It's gonna feel lonely at first. That's, that's a big part of it, it's going to feel lonely, like I get used to having him here, but this is the worst. It's been like he for three, like I said, three weeks straight. We weren't communicating or at talking, he would come home.
Matthew Montano: We if we did start trying to talk to you to start arguing and and run away and lock myself in the other room.
Matthew Montano: It was it just was becoming really depressing and and there's
Matthew Montano: Another issue that I haven't talked about he's, he, I know I've told you his tight. He's a type one diabetic.
Matthew Montano: And so I I've helped him deal with that because he's had those few seizures and he wasn't taking care of himself. He also, um,
Matthew Montano: I know I could talk to you and confidentiality. He also has HIV i don't i don't have HIV. He has HIV. And that's another medical issue he has
Matthew Montano: That I've had to deal with. And I know, I know a lot about it. I know to use protection, there's a there's a medication that I take that protects me protects me from him, but we don't have unprotected sex.
Matthew Montano: And he doesn't he yeah and I get tested all the time and stuff and he does, it does it. He doesn't seem to understand that I'm that what I'm putting myself.
Matthew Montano: Not I don't separate myself at risk.
Matthew Montano: Because I am yeah I am even because i but i do i do protect myself. I do always be always use protection, I take something called
Matthew Montano: I forget the name of the medication, but it's it protects me from contracting, we think, but he doesn't seem to appreciate that.
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't appreciate appreciate the sacrifice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would have been nice if he could do
Matthew Montano: That yeah he's only been sorry. He's only been in one of the relationship and that guy screwed him over that guy was sleeping around on him the whole time and
Matthew Montano: And he Piet van Ryan was young and having unprotected sex with him and he gave it to Ryan and just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Matthew Montano: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Ryan needs a therapist to
Matthew Montano: Yeah, he does.
Matthew Montano: He does.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Matthew. Are you going to be a therapist.
Matthew Montano: I can't be a therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be an equal maybe years in the future. Maybe he'll grow up, maybe. He'll. He'll maybe you won't find him attractive in the same way. But right now, Titian to you is you haven't really done a treatment program before. Once you did was maintenance.
Matthew Montano: Mm hmm. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: So really give yourself a chance
Gwenevere Abriel: If
Gwenevere Abriel: If you could have done it differently over these last three weeks and really put your sobriety. A little higher. What might have you have done differently.
Matthew Montano: Once
Gwenevere Abriel: At least the last week three weeks.
Matthew Montano: Definitely. What made sure I made my appointments. I know.
Matthew Montano: A big part
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, why would you have made your appointments. How would that why would you have done that.
Matthew Montano: Because I could have gotten on the better. I'm
Matthew Montano: A better you know track of. So hey, I made this appointment I made this point minimum a disappointment. Now we can go two weeks, and it just would have been
Matthew Montano: Better for me, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're talking about the withdrawal symptoms.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Matthew Montano: You can either both
Matthew Montano: Those few days I miss my appointments and the medicine didn't get center right away.
Matthew Montano: And I
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I missed like so they didn't get sent him for like three days and I think I've messaged you to see if you could do anything about it and
Matthew Montano: So when I started going into redraws I think Ryan even came home sick with the flu. When he was still living here. And oh, that just gave me the withdrawals and the flu. At the same time, and I was
Matthew Montano: Are the call into work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can register the physical discomfort. You can see the value in there. That's good. So maybe that this negative experience might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of that negative reinforcement to say I better keep my commitment. I don't want to have this physical discomfort. I don't want it.
Might do it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So from
Matthew Montano: Oh, and, um, when I was going through these withdrawal symptoms. He didn't even care like after
Matthew Montano: You didn't even care. Like he seen me go through withdrawals before and he was completely there for me. He was like doing anything can waiting on me hand and foot
Matthew Montano: And just this was in the past when I was going to my last doctor and I missed an appointment for and I had to reschedule Week later.
Matthew Montano: So he see me go through withdrawals and he his sister's husband is um they used to be addicted to pain medication text box and whatnot.
Matthew Montano: Got off a bit and all this stuff. But so he understands the basics, but this time it's like you didn't even care. He's like, it's your fault you miss your appointments. It's your fault you miss your appointments
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, on one hand, the big piece of it is you
Gwenevere Abriel: Buyer um
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was also someone who sabotaging your life so
Mm hmm.
Matthew Montano: And it's such a small apartment, though, there's just my living room, my kitchen and the bedroom. So anytime. He's in there. It just makes and I try and avoid him. It's just like I'm stuck in my room, or I'm stuck in in the living room, you know, so it just becomes a really uncomfortable environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if you've been talking to, to get support around the disappointment or all the big feelings that you're going through right now.
I
Matthew Montano: I've been hiding it because I can talk to my dad about it on my, look at my son, my dad lives down the street medium are really close. Even my
Matthew Montano: My mom if X, absolutely, absolutely need to my my auntie, I'm really close to I call her and there's a few friends from work that I talked to, but i've been i've been hiding it from everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know why.
Matthew Montano: Cuz I'm embarrassed because I just wanted to work. I want it. I want my life to not be my my life for
Matthew Montano: Before the past three years has been really like like all over the place. And I just want a steady
Matthew Montano: Steady Pappy lie where you know other people don't have to worry about me like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So watch
Gwenevere Abriel: And listen. Listening to what I'm saying, I'm, I'm saying you can have that right but it's unlikely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until you do your healing until you do your work until you can really distinguish the stuff around
Gwenevere Abriel: healthy and unhealthy boundaries and I'm going to pull up this little outline and I'd like to go over it with you because maybe it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of nebulous. At this point, but these, these are growth points that if you can get a handle on these pieces around the boundaries, you're much more likely to be around people that are healthy and good for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a look at them together. Okay.
Matthew Montano: I just thought of something real quick. Um, I think the last time after me and you talked
Matthew Montano: A LOT OF THAT. THAT'S WHEN ANYTIME me and Ryan start arguing, I would. He knows I'm seeing a counselor. I tell a lot about it and stuff. I saw my rehab. I think I've really good counselor and
Matthew Montano: He, I would say, I can't argue with you like this, anytime it starts turning to yelling my counselors telling me to do this or to do this or I just have to remove myself from the situation and
Matthew Montano: He, he started, you just starting to get manipulative. He's all well let's call your effing counselor and that's how let's tell her how effing crazy. You are I'll tell her how you are in this and that, that he just started seeing a lot of stuff like that like
Matthew Montano: Because he was he was frustrated because I wouldn't feed into his crap anymore so
Gwenevere Abriel: Matthew. Notice how you're wanting to to tell me about Ryan's behavior check in with yourself and see. Do you trust your own assessment.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you do not like and will not tolerate Ryan's behavior, whether you hear it from me or not. Do you realize what you think what you feel around him. It matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't like it, if you have reached your limit that's enough. All validate, you know, I'll tell you, I can label what he's doing. We can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's important that you register that what you perceive with him is the most important thing what some lady in Florida thinks it's what you want. That's the most important thing. If he is not
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective supportive nurturing and it's sort of pulling out that sort of Best part about you holding you up to the light and encouraging your growth and development. Why would we want to be around someone who's not giving that to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: And why wouldn't you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because you somehow have normalized or have an expectation that this is as good as it gets.
Matthew Montano: Hmm, I guess so.
Gwenevere Abriel: It gets better.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know it yet because somehow along the way. It's become normal for you to just have just just I'll take some kind of attention. I'll take it. Maybe it's just, you know, take it from a man who's this attractive or or who really wants me this way and it feels so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But be patient with yourself. Do some growth first give yourself some time if you can overcome being lonely, right, you might end up being a relationship, the one you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're going to have to tolerate the fact that it takes time and maybe it's convenient for you to do some work first you're going to get what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is given some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a look at these things together. Okay, are pretty
Relevant for most people.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what a healthy boundary in a relationship looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all this slide and you you're more than welcome to take a screenshot of it. They're pretty handy.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll register, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is your life. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where my boundaries are. You might be running these questions through your mind. Can I say yes or no. And you said okay when others say yes or no to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: an unhealthy boundary in a relationship is you can't say no because you're afraid of rejection or abandonment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You taken a screenshot.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So it takes a while to go through this. I'll go through a few of them with you. But ultimately, this, this is a journey. This is like maybe one or two of them, you'll register a little bit easier than another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're they're worth looking at each one is important.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how you probably with Ryan had said no to something and he didn't accept it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to be able to accept people's answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you end up going ahead and going with his
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll stay up late. I'll do this arguing thing with you because you don't want the relationship to end don't want to be abandoned don't want rejection. This would be a place for you to explore
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I spending time with people for whom it is acceptable that I say no, they don't manipulate me. They just go up. Okay, another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you catch yourself people pleasing trying to avoid rejection and abandonment by saying yes to something you don't really mean that's on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You aren't setting a healthy boundary. You have to be able to say, yeah, this is my preference. I'm kind of, I'm going to do this recovery thing. I gotta, I gotta get to bed, you know, no later than 10 o'clock. That's just
Gwenevere Abriel: That's my deal if you run into someone who's like, Oh man, that's cool. You're really taking care of yourself. Yeah. Nice. Yeah, cool, I'll make sure you know we kind of hang out. It'll be early evening.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, and it seems like that a big part of the theme here. Like when I would say I need to get to bed early
Matthew Montano: Cuz I have a doctor's appointment or, you know, I have an appointment you or your therapy in the morning. He'd be like, Okay. Go to bed and um
Matthew Montano: He would either stay up making a lot of noise till not just, like, three o'clock in the morning at four o'clock in the morning he stays up till about seven o'clock in the morning, eight o'clock in the morning. The next day, and then sleeps all day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mess. I mean, that guy has to be
Matthew Montano: Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: A stimulant how you do that. No.
Matthew Montano: He's just he just that you don't do math, but he's it. He's a
Matthew Montano: As
Matthew Montano: He smokes a lot of we
Matthew Montano: I
Matthew Montano: Know we make you sleepy but he did. And then he watches the stupid cartoons and he puts on music and he's walking around eating on AI and
Matthew Montano: Messing around
Matthew Montano: Phone he's doing everything
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not respectful.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, it's not respectful. He's doing everything to wake himself up in a way I would put up with it because I don't have kids, I guess, and I would
Matthew Montano: Kind of look at him as a kid in a way. Like, I guess I'm like, like taking care of my boyfriend. It's in a way. It made me feel good and nurture somebody, but it's not good. It's not good, and
Matthew Montano: And he also sometimes would just barge in the room, if we were having an argument and say, hey, can we talk about this right now.
Matthew Montano: I had fallen asleep. Bam. He would wake me up just he has no sense of like
Matthew Montano: Respect or urgency, or how important
Gwenevere Abriel: Boundary the concept of boundary is you didn't stand up for yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch. You wanted this feeling of love this feeling of being needed more than you wanted to protect your boundary
Gwenevere Abriel: In its simplest terms, sometimes it just comes down to that if you do it again. Probably the same outcome will happen, you will have chaos, you'll have a tumultuous life.
Gwenevere Abriel: If instead you protect your boundary and you know you are lovable and you're going to have love again you can sit with the fact that I can't go out with you. I can't go out, I got to get my rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes you falter and you have this sense of I'll be abandoned. I'll be alone forever, they'll never be an end to this, you'll end up compromising your boundaries again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Highly recommend you give yourself some time to cultivate this
Gwenevere Abriel: This set limits with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, where yours. Are they won't be mine. They won't be somebody else's there'll be yours.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll get to find out is this enough, do I like how my life is going, hey, it's more organized. I'm keeping my commitments. I like who I am. I'm not having to apologize make excuses. None of that I'm on point, you might like it or you might say rap.
Matthew Montano: And what I what I started thinking I could do, why I gave him this thing where he would, he would where I let him live here for like those three weeks to try and figure things out.
Matthew Montano: The main reason was so you get the money together to pay the rent, which he did. He gave me the money to pay the rent on the first
Matthew Montano: Was because I thought I could kind of rise above his bullshit. If he comes home late if he comes home I'm drunk or all you know pot it out.
Matthew Montano: And pass it out in the couch of you, like, I'm going to ignore him. I'm going to ignore him. And I would, I was ignoring him. I wasn't
Matthew Montano: Communicating with him and what he starts doing like a child as he starts getting more and more drunk more and more wasted I he knows I
Matthew Montano: When he's in my house I worried. He's testing is diabetes. I know because you could have a seizure. You could die and
Matthew Montano: Why Men have to explain to his parents his dad on the floor because he has a seizure, while I was gone. Um,
Matthew Montano: What happened, but he doesn't care. And I'd say, like, dude, at least make sure you're testing your sugar and stuff.
Matthew Montano: And you're doing the things you're supposed to and he'd be all well I'd rather die or this or that he's just really manipulative, is what I'm starting to get at, and he He'll do anything you have to to
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you've heard what I just said. Let's say you run into someone and you catch a glimpse of that assign a warning sign. What would be one of the warning signs that someone just like Ryan is about to enter your life, what would you see
Matthew Montano: You risk.
Matthew Montano: Non respected my boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is very vague, try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know. That's what we're talking about. I want you to picture someone
Matthew Montano: Okay, so like when I first met, Ryan. Um, I actually didn't even one date him.
Matthew Montano: Okay, yeah. Because when I first met him, and I had just moved to Roswell. I used to live in Albuquerque.
Matthew Montano: I just moved to Roswell. I had a job opportunity here and working with FedEx, it's when I first started working FedEx and I met him through this dating gap and he he
Matthew Montano: We would hang out. We go out, we'd have a go out to dinner or whatever.
Matthew Montano: And like, yeah, we got to get know each other. And then after a few weeks, I would be texting them all day, all day, all day. I would hear from him, what I'm here for. He was sleeping all day. This is how he
Matthew Montano: lived his life. And then he'd wake up around six seven o'clock PM, say, Hey, what are you doing, I'd be like a dude, I've been messaged you since this morning, where you been he's been asleep. I was up really late last night.
Matthew Montano: This was a routine every night. He was up, he was asleep. All day out partying driving around drinking all night with his loser friends.
Matthew Montano: And I, I remember for four months, telling him I can't teach you. We can be hookup buddies. We can have protect we can use protection.
Matthew Montano: We can we can make out kiss. We can go go on dates but I cannot be with you and he begged me. He's like, I cannot. I cannot just be friends with you. I have to be with you have to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Example you betrayed yourself you let your boundary get too porous you knew what was right for you. You didn't stand up for it. Do you know why compromise to boundary
Matthew Montano: And I did, I did hold that boundary for a long time. I didn't hold that boundary for a long time and he begged me and begged
Matthew Montano: And begged and begged me for weeks and weeks and he would cry and you bought and he would say, No one wants me and I would see his heart. I would see he has a really
Matthew Montano: Soft heart and that he had been hurt a lot in his past and I saw myself in that. So I ended up letting down my bounds you because I thought I could be some kind of savior, some kind of some kind of, you know. So kind of like, you know, I like helping people and he
Gwenevere Abriel: Found it again. My need to be needed will trump my need to protect my psychological space my recovery my sleep my sanctuary my need to be needed is so strong so big.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I do have a savior. This savior complex and
Gwenevere Abriel: When I don't address that here in our work together.
Gwenevere Abriel: It may happen again and again and again. So I think that, let's put a pin in that right now in the sense that we'll talk about it again. We have more time. I think you did, did some some real honest work here. I want to message the doc and I want to hear from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What the last thing, because we've been talking about. You're trying to figure out, because you fell off the map. We're keeping you were saying, I'm going to do this and not doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've been wondering what to do. And the last thing we did was we had a quick little exchange. I asked him if he wanted to come by here. And he said, I will try. BUT I'M WORKING ANOTHER clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have patience. So my guess is what he may do is bridge you to your next appointment. Can you commit to Mondays at 9am
Matthew Montano: For group. Yes. And yeah, Mondays. Mondays Monday's
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I guess I can do that already.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is a refresh.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it can be right Monday with
Matthew Montano: My goal is just to get those down to like two weeks if we possibly can.
Matthew Montano: Because I will
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can enough for a second. Let's just talk about Monday.
Matthew Montano: Okay, BECAUSE I HAVE BEEN I HAVE BEEN tapering off how we last talked about. I haven't been taking I've been taking cutting off two eights or to 16th. Well, I've been taking one and cutting off to 16
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you show up on Monday.
Matthew Montano: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will you tell your job if they call you in
Matthew Montano: I'm gonna just
Matthew Montano: You should tell them I can't make it.
Matthew Montano: And tell me time, I can't make it. I'm going to tell them out because they know like they know I'm in this program. It's not like I'm hiding this program from them to tell them I'm in this program that is
Matthew Montano: A it's part of my sobriety because they know I will use to take a lot of pain medication, my, my boss does at least
And
Gwenevere Abriel: To have two week refill. Wouldn't that be nice.
Matthew Montano: Yes, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, wouldn't it be nice to not go into withdrawal because your life is so chaotic. Wouldn't it be nice to have consistency predictability and continue to work to this long term goal of tapering
Gwenevere Abriel: Slowly and safely and continuing to work on your psychological right this this this work that I want to get into with you, but do it without having
Gwenevere Abriel: Withdrawal present, you're going to be able to concentrate better in here. That's what it means to keep your commitment show up on Monday. Let's start with that.
Matthew Montano: Uh huh. Let's just do that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just leave it right there. So I'm going to text him meaning in this slack program. It's like an email texting thing alright so Matthew
Matthew Montano: Oh, that's my Monday the what
Matthew Montano: Hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like February 10
Matthew Montano: Jesus Christ and can't believe it's already February.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's insane.
Matthew Montano: Okay. Monday.
Matthew Montano: February 10
Matthew Montano: At
Matthew Montano: Nine o'clock am
Matthew Montano: Okay. And, um, When's my next appointment with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, next point with me.
Matthew Montano: I always make my appointments with you.
Matthew Montano: It does group appointments. I don't
Matthew Montano: Like
Let's go over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and you go into work at what time typically on a normal day
Matthew Montano: Um, I'm about three
Gwenevere Abriel: Three. Okay. Um, how
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. Let's go.
Gwenevere Abriel: 1pm on February 13
Matthew Montano: Every third
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday.
Matthew Montano: 1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: On that calendar years
Matthew Montano: Yeah, for sure. I'll transfer it over that to my calendar.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you out of medication.
Matthew Montano: Um I it was a little bit weird, because I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Time I just want to understand Are you out of medication. And when I say that. What I mean is, do you have enough to get you through Monday.
Matthew Montano: Yes, I believe so. Hold on, let me see got 11234 hold on with it.
Matthew Montano: Enough to get me till Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, you'll show up on Monday, and you'll get another prescription
Matthew Montano: Okay, that all the app only have enough to get me till Sunday, but hold on let me double
Matthew Montano: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'll let the doctor analyze the his prescription if you've been taking more than what was on the prescription. It's going to be off, but I'm
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Matthew Montano: It's saying it's gonna last me till Saturday, so I'll be out on Sunday.
Matthew Montano: Okay, let me just read Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll let him analyze this. I'm just, I'm not your go to person for medication going to calling bright heart health and logging into virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: I only let the doctor know compliance. He's here. That's it. He has enough to get through Saturday and I get send my hands are off that I know it's weird because right I'm so you have my cell number. And so I'm someone you can reach easily but i'm not i'm not a case manager. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, your role is to make sure come hell or high water, you go into group.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a physician already scheduled to see you on that Monday. It's already set. How great is it that you have access to a physician every week. That's amazing. How convenient.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about how hard it is to get an appointment with a physician.
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes a long time. You have one already scheduled on Monday, go in there, meet with them. Tell them why you're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Protect your boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Season like your life a little bit better. See if you can stay distracted spend more time with your family when loneliness starts to creep in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's address it therapeutically. Let's see, what else is going on underneath there. Okay, I'll see you on Monday. Matthew. I'm so glad you made it. I was worried you are going to kind of fall away from this program. I'm glad you were here.
Matthew Montano: Yeah. Yeah, no, that's not the plan at all. I do want to continue with the program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Matthew Montano: I'll select program.
Matthew Montano: Are
Matthew Montano: Not those weekly group therapies, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Shift your thinking, why don't you call what they are, which is m a TI medicated assisted therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what you're doing is you're you're getting two treatments. You're getting one that's medicated assisted therapy that's group.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just sort of a second hand part of it. I'm really sometimes I'm only there to make sure y'all don't start going off the rails talking about all kinds of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know my role there is secondary wish it wasn't a wish it was actual group therapy was an hour and a half. And we could get into deep processing, but it's not. It might help you to think
Gwenevere Abriel: All I'm really going to get out of this, for the most part is I get a medical check in, just kind of shift your thinking a little bit lower the bar for therapeutic outcome. I have to because I only get
Gwenevere Abriel: 2015 minutes to like make the world a better place. And it's impossible, but so shift the thinking just say this is the medication part on me with one of your for the behavioral part and maybe it won't be so versus I just have to check in. OK.
Matthew Montano: OK. OK.
Matthew Montano: I gotta go. Okay.
Matthew Montano: Bye.